add quoting to split_part (#528)
dbt-labs/dbt-utils: README.md

#### split_part ([source](macros/cross_db_utils/split_part.sql))
This macro splits a string of text using the supplied delimiter and returns the supplied part number (1-indexed).

**Args**:
- `string_text` (required): Text to be split into parts. 
- `delimiter_text` (required): Text representing the delimiter to split by.
- `part_number` (required): Requested part of the split (1-based). If the value is negative, the parts are counted backward from the end of the string.

**Usage:**
```

> {{ dbt_utils.split_part(string_text='some_column', delimiter_text="','", part_number=1) }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referencing a column, use one pair of quotes. When referencing a string, use single quotes enclosed in double quotes.
{{ dbt_utils.split_part(string_text='column_to_split', delimiter_text='delimiter_column', part_number=1) }}
```

> {{ dbt_utils.split_part(string_text='1,2,3', delimiter_text="'|'", part_number=1) }}

Reviewer: `string_text` needs double quotes and the pipe delimiter, right? 
```suggestion
{{ dbt_utils.split_part(string_text="'1|2|3'", delimiter_text="'|'", part_number=1) }}
```
